Fixed Error status of OpenTelemetry Spans when using Activity.RecordException (#2515)
getsentry/sentry-dotnet: CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed SDK not sending exceptions via Blazor WebAssembly due to a `PlatformNotSupportedException` ([#2506](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2506))
- Align SDK with docs regarding session update for dropped events ([#2496](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2496))
- Introduced `HttpMessageHandler` in favor of the now deprecated `HttpClientHandler` on the options. This allows the SDK to support NSUrlSessionHandler on iOS ([#2503](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2503))

> - Fixed Error status of OpenTelemetry Spans when using Activity.RecordException ([#2515](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2515))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Using `Activity.RecordException` now correctly updates the error status of OpenTelemetry Spans ([#2515](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-dotnet/pull/2515))
```
